Here are my thoughts for this semester.

I need to increase my productivity, or really what's most important is that I increase my
time efficiency, college is inherently very time inneficient, which is why using the laptop in class is key. 

Goals for the semester.
*1) Get A's on all classes
*2) Create a simple barebones efficient system to automate some portions of school work.
*3) Work out three times a week and get enough calories aka about 2800 calories and around one pound of chicken per day.
*4) Carve time for both some doordash, and some time to work on personal protafolio.


Goal 1)

    The most difficult part of this is making sure I do the following.
        * Do all assignments for all classes.
        * I prepare in the most efficient way possible for tests.
    
    For the first point in order to do all assignments I need to create a system of notifications, this could be done a number of ways.
    What I am inclined to do is to bring all the information I need to a front end for me to view all the information that I need to know. 
    So a system of notifications, that lets me know what I need to know when I need to know, and then gives me a time estimation on how long I need to do the assignment.

    I also need to be keept aware of things like tests and quizes which require me to be prepared before hand, and is it not so much due date based,
    but rather prep based. 

Goal 2)
    In order for me to create the system I will need to neglect my programming for my portafolio, but since it is a front end dashboard, I can later use
    it on my portafolio.
    I need to get results as fast as possible for that reason, I need to absolutely make function the only priority.
    However, the front end aesthetics have arguably a good function as the endPoint abstraction.

Goal 3)
    I just need to make my workouts and diet non-negotiable, and the only way to do that is to make sure that they are on 
    autopilot, meaning they are habitualized sufficently, and the only way to do that is to make sure I do what I have planned to do for
    enough time until they no longer take mental energy, but until then they require a slighty higher level of energy. 
    However, since I already made the decision the mental energy should be minimal and should be mainly used in stopping my thinking
    or in using logic to convince myself to do it. 

Goal 4) 
    So I need to calendarize and create weekly sprints, for doordash since a lot of my time and energy is going into this semester.
    my volume will decrease, but I should still be able to doordash 3 times a week, so one I have a better idea of my schedule 
    I should carve out time, for example today would be a good day to do that. In terms of classes, I should be able to work, on my goals during class
    since the time spent in class is often very time inneficient. 


Next stepts to spend time one:
    * Create the concept idea for the schoolHelper dashboard
    * Create a weekly sprint for the goals of this week.
    